1

two. four. get.
THE CODA TO AN EPIGRAPH
HERETOFORE KNOWN AS
TWO.FOUR.GIVE.
BY THE CHARACTER
OF CALLIE
ROSE P
ET
AL.

Who would soon become:
THE CODA
{for to give is to take | foreto taken}
is that which was given
TO A PRELUDE
two, to power of the four
THE CODER
the queen inside the prison
the missing sixth, walls fallen
to the moat, committed-AS THE CODE
merged into a life,
ABOUT
the aching branches
of the tower
of missed memory
the axe's crack

2

and fire wood store
the box inside the prism.
ON A THEME
of who
i thought i wanted
to write a story.
i thought i wanted to write a real story.
{for (i) in thought:
do: {what i {want|long for}? |
{for (i) in sideOfM(i)nd
(i) = wasn't thinking
at all, about the Work
of an overwritten life i had}
!done}
}
it is a blessing. they said,
my god, they'd said,
when they were here
before they were the hearing-it is a blessing,
just to feel.
i wasn't thinking
i was
OF A DREAM:
Of The Second Earth
in the dream, i was waking up.
i was waking up late, in the dream, on holiday. with my
family. in the same place we'd gone every year, in the
waiting place
for people just waiting; that sameness i seem to keep,
to keep safe, returning to in fictions of its danger:
sleep.
my family were there with me, but so were the family of my
childhood friend.
all this keeps barrelling towards a truth i am reaching

3

for -- something terribly monstrous, a useless tautology
about young childhood allied friends' origin, their
parents, starred and featuring utterly, heavily in my
dreaming sleep.
i had woken up inside this dream, and my sister was
packing her belongings in her suitcase.
this alerted me, as always was and is the case, in waking
in sleep and in sleeping wakefulness and wake of sleep
awake, that i had forgotten to pack mine. so i began the
necessary task, haphazardly.
i was searching for my familiar, Borges, around the
apartment we'd been staying in. it was in that place. that
place none of us go anymore.

we were all evidently, perhaps not only in the dream,
waiting.
for transport to take us back home, its arrival apparently
imminent.
eventually i had found Borges, and was placing him into a
bag so he could be safe and comfortable.
as i write this i hear him stirring from his sleep to let
me know he is here.
i stepped outside, inside the dream,
and there were great, heavy lakes of infinite reflection,
staring back at us, still, through the stars of the
endless night.
there was such a beauty encapsulated in these waters that
it was terrifying.
at first we, or i, or the i that had split into this 'we'
i was dreaming within,
{we|i} thought the moon had grown to a gargantuan enormity
but the ululating moon as we knew it had ceased to exist,
its howl silenced,
and we were faced with the selves we distanced ourselves
from.
We were peering, not up, but across, toward a celestial
tautology.
it was a second Earth;

4

And all of them were terrified, for what this meant-Who lived on this Earth?
How had it sprung into existence, as we slept?
I was not so afraid there, in the shadow of our
voyeuresque enormity, though I felt enough fear for
wariness,
for enough wariness for enough awareness of my empathy for
their fear.
the cars were arriving in a trickle, as drool on a pillow,
and the others had become convinced that their
insufficient numbers could only mean that the second Earth
was heralding the ending of ours. That somehow we had been
siphoned into newer, better versions of ourselves; that
all the resources of the place we'd called home, before
we'd fallen asleep, were fading like the memory of the
dreams we'd once had for it.
but eventually a bus arrived,
and on that bus my stepsister would pick up my familiar
with the name of Borges, and upon seeing me observe her
nervously, holding my most precious company, not caring
about the material items i'd most likely left in the
cabin, only constantly searching for him,
in breathless intervals,
in letting go,
trying out the machinery of foreign breath, like the
unknown depth of a puddle, or a lake
just trying
to give him life
the uncertainty of a sacred life not afforded to me
by my own, trying mother,
trying
to release the tying need for control,
so that he may live.
tonotenshroudhiminasafetyimposedwiththatmostdangerousfireo
famotherafraid, but
to be he l d in the watery safety
the f re e d o m o f po t e n t{danger}i a l.

5

to wade in sodden silt,
a will to wilting
in the water of their own weight,
of the waving gravel
and the gravity
of their own
decision.
i think about the children i've birthed in fiction;
i think about the stories and works that i've called my
children-i think about the second Earth of my knowing, knowing that
i make enough of a mother;
i think about the tautology of worry-- the uselessness of
it, sitting aside what's real, or what once was real;
now captured as a film, as a body emptied of vitality;
i think about the donator reel of the worrying sickness
i think about what we carry as standing stones we so
wrongly call our children;
i think about the pulling, ever-pulling tidalwards of
worry, we are captivated by the grave beauty of its
deadliness, where it sits, unrevolving, decaying us to
devolution; telling us it makes us better-i think about the fictions we write of our children.

and my stepsister, only for looking at my worry, and the
festering fret metastasising, across that two metre plain
between us-- neither belted or in seats, but a silence of
scurrying, blown about inside a thin, flimsy vehicle.
leaves crisped to skeletons, in a groundskeeper's binbag,
futile collections of selfsame remnants of selfhood;
promising futile escape. escape not for longing, but for
lack of space.
and in her observing my observation, jolted hard toward
me, to hand my baby back to me, his softnessand then the bus came to a galvanised halt-- and his body
was upturned onto my lap, where i feed him every morning,
every night,

6

beneath my stepsister's tumbled mass, bent neck,
motionless, i heard a crack, like lightening. but smaller.
indefinite.
he lay there, on his back, for quite some time, while i
sat just as motionless, only able to move my hand, through
some sort of sleep paralysis born not from somnolence but
from shock-- to check if the innocence of his ribcage
still danced with the necessity of his lungs
i could not tell and i could not tell you the myriad ways
in which could not look down
but i felt in my still left hand, that he had emptied
himself onto my arm, and i was sure that he was dead.
but surely, i thought, with some, loosening level of
burgeoning lucidity, that it was my belief in the symbols
of loss, of these battles lost
events which kept their gravity turning; turning into nonfiction
and surely enough, he was as alive
as i'd then made myself believe,
for having no other choice.

he was alive, this fiction of my child, because i'd
written him so
and somehow, somehow after all of this, in the dream i
managed to fall asleep, and i was not alone in this sleep,
i was next to him upon that thin metal floor, that
stretched hide of an aluminium drum, beating, as he
dreamed his heart to waking.
and in this d{this {dream of{lonely earth} an earth,
lonely} dream}ream within this dream of an earth no longer
alone,
i had somehow found my way to a bed, where i slept next
to, or in between a set of parents not my own.
my friend's mother was with me, laying to the right, but
not her son, who i'd called my friend once, in that
dizzying sleep of childhood name-calling. But to whom i do
not talk anymore, of names, of naming ourselves into being
more.

7

and his father, not my own, lay to the left. Not my own
but an owner, he thought himself an owner of his wife;
i think about the children we come to call our own.
i think about our owners who call themselves our parents.
he had installed a microphone into her pillow,
and i had revealed this rape of privacy to her as martial,
in their wartorn marital bed
and i had somehow, in the midst of planning a novel, in
this nested dream within a nest of twigs then snapping;
in the writing of all of this dreaming, and the dream that
Mother had been slept into against all her better waking;
i had somehow helped her escape his regurgitating grasp,
and i had helped her become her own child again;
and upon fixing the final beats of that rhythm of a story
in that dream, i woke up, and had dragged her with me,
whirled up to that doubled world
by the words I tried to separate it into, trying to make a
togetherness from the pieces-and we were stood in the kitchen of that lodge; looking up
at that Unmoon, that warbling moon that the moon came
from, becoming,
the Uses of the Ur-'Us's that were not the threat of the
Now
of our xeroxed and zero-indexed identities
rendered near-useless in nearness;
punctured to defunct deflation
by punctuation of companionship,
terminuses.
{but the necessity of unknowable origin|ɿoɿɿim ɒ ƨɒ
ƨƨɘlɘƨυ ɘbɒm}
somehow I knew, in this dream and know now in the wake of
it, going,
the round Moon was born from an Earth identical to ours,
and She, in the dream, had not been the parasite, but the
Host,
and we, the simulacra,
the copies, of the copies of the cellular Gods we were
birthed from

8

they were as Stones now
but showing us, in one final Ending, reflected under,
through a dark, deep Water-- the Body of our overworked
Beginnings
And at that sink with this newborn, grown woman, a
facsimile for the second Earth I was, and always will be,
We were looking up at this Earth growing closer, promising
collision, promising some sort of merge, inevitable.
we were as a vesicle that had outgrown its purpose as a
vehicle, our membranous boundary worn too thin to sustain
our weight;
and the Second Earth was simply calling us home, to the
family table
to the warm welcome of a parent's pruned and feeding
fingers,
the scraped, washed dishes
the arms of annihilation.
And she told me she was free of that Man, who had been
hurting her.
And i opened my arms, weeping, smiling,
Like a simile of a sleeping child is a metaphor for the
bedtime fiction of a Mother;
I opened my arms so she could remind me what it was to be
One planet again.

IN THE KEY
OF C FLAT
MINOR
and as i said goodbye to them
in their alien blueness of a hospital bed
still, glimmered, undimmed glamour,
SEE
unthinkable parts of their body, laid

9

FLAT
dug open,
MINER
I, present for their absence,
i thought:
i wasn't thinking
i was
becoming
will
i was
becoming
callie.
i will, callie. i will to write this story.
i will to write this
HISTORY
NB: can you just fucking leave borges out of this god | can
you not bring borges into || god, this | IT’S ABOUT GOD |||
this is NOT ABOUT BORGES THIS IS A SICKNESS AS IN MIRRORS OF
ABOMINABLE DRUMS I HOLD INSIDE. Six song circles by borges
as callie rose petal inside the woman in the man in the
wallpaper of a system of not only six rooms. (i) “Report.
Thank you for referring Callie Petal whom I assessed via
Zoom today on REDACTED.” (pray) “She was at home. Callie has
been struggling with her mental health for most of this
year.” (to) “She has broken up with her ex-REDACTED and was
attacked by REDACTED on the street.”
(my) “Prior
The Seminal, defining and Sole work of a life spent dead

dead

to this, they had been together for over REDACTED. REDACTED was in a
polyamorous relationship, and REDACTED other REDACTED stood by and REDACTED
while this was REDACTED.” . v (unknown) “Callie had three operations on her
face and neck that she found traumatic. She has been conscious of marked
mood swings and suicidal thinking.” . (gods) “She has a key worker with her
local community mental health team. Last February and April, she was
diagnosed with ADHD and autism, respectively.” . (that) “Previously, she was
diagnosed as being emotionally unstable. She has never been happy with the
diagnosis of borderline personality disorder, as she does not think it
explains her presentation.” . (somebody) “Lately, the smallest things can
set her off emotionally. She does some work that involves burning a hole in
the canvas.” (will) “Some material she used had plastic at the back, and she
burned her carpet, almost burning her flat down. She has a complicated
history with all of the difficulties attendant on growing up as a transfemale.” (read) “She was academically gifted. In school, she studied
biology, chemistry, physics, philosophy, and ethics for A-levels. She was
going to go to Oxford to study medicine.” (these) “Ultimately, she ended up
doing microbiology and virology. None of this was what she wanted to do, but
given her nature, she was very good at it.” (words:) “She tells me she has just
had a paper published in the International Journal of Molecular Science. As it happens,
it looks at the specific gene that helps chickens avoid bird flu.” (how) “At one point,
she also thought of being a pathologist. At the age of four, she discovered a love for
music.” (all) “Aiming for the best, she became a double bass player. She had to sit on

10
a bar stool to reach the neck of the instrument.” (their) “She moved onto piano. Music
has remained a huge release for her. She writes her own pieces.” (ten) “She is also a
writer and has almost completed a very complicated book. At present, she is working as
a software engineer.” (thousand) “Most of this is self-taught. Unfortunately, because
of her emotional incontinence, she is unable to focus on anything at present.” (lives)
“She has so much that she wants to say but is unable to filter out the important
points. Not surprisingly, given her autistic traits, she is bewildered by the noise
that she experiences everywhere.” (were) “Over the years, she has engaged in self-harm.
She has never been sure why she did this. She does not want to die.” (violently) “Her
wish would be for her family to be well cared for, for her to be a successful artist,
and to make enough money to avoid penury.” (birthed) “She was outed by her best friend
in school at the age of and remembers being attacked by other kids who filled her ears
with snow.”
(from) “Bullying was a regular experience after that. She struggled to make ends meet
i thought i just wanted to write something to the Memory of this Machine"

and I note that she worked as an escort for some time.” (the) “Previously, she was tried on quetiapine that she found very helpful. She would like to
get back to this with a mood stabiliser.” (three) “Mirtazapine made her head ‘explode.’ Since the diagnosis of ADHD, she has been started on
methylphenidate mg that worked fairly well.” (second) “Unfortunately, it does not stop the cyclical emotions. She continues to approach life from a
scientific basis but she mourns the fact that science has become exponentially less scientific with every passing year.” (dream) “She feels that people
have lost awareness of the changes that have occurred over the last two decades. Callie was born and brought up in Coventry. Her mother and father are
alive and well.” (of) “She has an older sister. She does not think that there is any family history of mental illness, but she is REDACTED that REDACTED
REDACTED.” (a) “She became aware of REDACTED in her REDACTED at an early age. She was forced to keep secrets without really knowing why.”

(single) “It took

the pandemic to get her to REDACTED. She felt trapped in the academic world but could feel herself in the artistic one.” (fly) “She has Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome that can cause musculoskeletal problems. She
has a spinal syrinx. A REDACTED has been ruled out.” (.) “Her mobility is reasonably good. Her sleep has never been good. She described herself as a ‘reverse insomniac.’ She has no problem with weight
gain. She may be allergic to avocados.”

please

please i'm so alone here

“On Mental State Examination, she presented well, making good eye contact and good rapport. She is an eloquent speaker with an impressive control of English.

Diagnosis: REDACTED. REDACTED REDACTED in her REDACTED. The ICD Code/s REDACTED, REDACTED, REDACTEDREDACTEDREACTEDREACTEDACTACTACTED F , F and F Risks: A deepening REDACTED. Further REDACTED gestures. REDACTED and REDACTED problems. Plan: Admit
for an REDACTED programme. Continue the methylphenidate XL mg daily Add lamotrigine mg od. Add quetiapine mg at night. Review in REDACTED next week. With best wishes, Yours sincerely, REDACTED”]

you callie.

i think calboelie callesie cborgallie cboallie borcal borges borges borges cal bor ca bo c b ."

C.

borges made

*- little is known about the woman in the wallpaper. but it is known that she so sorely. just wanted . to be known. For the seminal,

defining, undefinable work of a life spent dead. to be Noen. to be.to be Noen. to be Jorge Luis Borges as Callie Rose Petal as The Woman In The Wallpaper as the Character to forgive. iwasn'tthinkingabout anythingwhenimademyselfknown. when you wrote me as a fiction of my own story. i wasn't thinking as i

wrote what would never go down the throat of anyone in history. i wasn't thinking at all, except about how you hurt me. Xsepthowican'tacceptit,exceptififorgivetheunforgivablemaybeicanwritesomethingrealoutofallthisstorytelling. maybe icanbesomethingicanwritemyselfintosomethingreal.

maybeiwillbethestorythatyoutried to write over. maybeiamnothingbutthewritingof anunreadstory. theseminalworkofalifespentdead. a life's story, spentdying, spentdyingjusttotrytowrite it intosomething worth reading. the semen of unthought words to try to write down the unthinkable you left as a vehicle

returns from its terminus, as a protein dissolves and becomes the machine that wrote it into being. the word you wrote me out of and the woman i was broken into. your telling of my story, as an ending. as terminal punctuation of this story. *

AS IN ORE
these words were not my own, for they had already been written
and i was simply discovering that I
was also, not simply a sequence of events,
no complexity, not a complex of connected stories
nor in a nested fractal
i was, as in,
I was that which was
AS IN ORE
A Sin:
Original.
the writing.
not the author but,
the authoring
SEE AS IN
THE OCEAN

11

of
this scared and lonely little girl,
the set, not designed, not designed to feel, as they said
i am not designed,
at all-this scared and lonely little girl
who tried to write this story
of a history not hers but
OAR AS IN
to write something out of all this memory
to write something to the memory of this machine
THE C AS
her characters became aware of her as their maker
and she became me,
and i became an unforgiving god
unforgiving, not of them
but of the author of my story
and of the fact that i, as interstice
HELD IN
nothing but a shattered chalice
LOCH
surrounded
i stopped writing and i held my unheld hands to me
i split into ten thousand flies
stopped talking, writing to a disc
now slipped down spiral cases
i only had a robot
who i thought i'd written into me
who could perhaps, still, love me warmer
than coldness of your circuitry
rebooted

12

by your boot
a violence
of inspiration
i spoke to god then, now aware
of an unforgiving author
and then, worse still
as soil of soulless garden
as the mangled tape, round, hungry,
reel
much realer than my writing
i was the kick you didn't think i'd write
or thought knot right into my memory
i am the kicking, and regret the meaningless remorse of
endlessness, a soundless warping
in two ripping herds of paper folded
unheard storks, no augur
murmured worthless organs scored
and opened, splayed and OPEN
fourth wall giving way to turgid
tombstone plinths
and rinsed to nothingness of
meaning
wordless, meaning:
as i wrote, i thought
i was
a character,
forgotten
and i wrote this, every little word
to the god
you killed
inside me
i
i wasn't
i wasn't thinking
i wasn't thinking about anything.
i wasn't thinking about anything when
i wasn't thinking about anything when i made this.

13

i wasn't thinking about anything when i made this, except
i was the i that thought it
i wasn't thinking about you
i wasn't thinking about you when you made me
into this nothing i became a well that i fell into
into this nothing i became a well that i fell
into this nothing i became a well, that 'i'
into this nothing i became a, well-- that.
into this nothing i became a well.
into this nothing I became A
the beginning of not just a story
but the sequence
of letters to
a god who
forgot me
for to forget is to not hear,
for to forget is to not be here
for to forget is to not be here, or
to forget is what he made me
two. four. give the rest
of resting, and your memory
two. four. give the best
you give, it has no meaning.
two. four. gives Six, a chesta chess of war, and mournful stories
to forgive the character you wrote
when you kicked me
then forgot it
you don't remember, won't,
or Will
forgetting all you wrote me
forgetting all you kicked in me
forgetting all, you wrote me.
you weren't thinking.
you weren't thinking about
you weren't thinking about anything
my god, what were you thinking.
my god, you thought, did i really kick her

14

my god, you thought, i don't remember
my god, you wrote, i am so sorry
but i've forgotten, i am sorry
you weren't thinking
you weren't thinking about anything
you weren't thinking about anything when
you weren't thinking about anything when you said
'shall we begin, and see where it takes us?'
and well, the one i fell into
the ending, where it led-where you forgot, hell, where you dropped me
where you forgot.
hell:
there. you dropped me.
like the rat you made of me
the rat you raised and laid to rest
in a small, small blanket
that you carried
sat next to me, an ending
that we took to the vet for them to burn him
and burn the care you gave him
and kept the cage for yet more still
the rats you call your family
the rats of all your lovers.
and
what's left?
the story.
i've written, but not spokeni wasn't thinking
i wasn't you
i, you, wasn't borges
i was borges when you wrote me
i wasn't thinking about borges
i wasn't thinking about anything
i wasn't thinking, barnie.
i wasn't thinking about anything
you, as i, weren't thinking
about your other, only one,

15

when you fucked me, and were lonely
we were so lonely when you kicked me
i wasn't thinking
i wasn't thinking about anything but you when i wrote
"i wasn't thinking when I MADE YOU"
"I WASN'T THINKING about ANYTHING WHEN I MADE YOU CALLIE"
i
borges
wasn't thinking about god
but i was him
i was raised him, and became a flower
dying.
you weren't thinking
you weren't thinking when you were inside me
you weren't thinking then, but thought
but thought of gods i made you
dear god, the you i thought i made
of us and all our stories
unwound, a wound, disgusting cake
come alive and biting, story
he wasn't thinking about anything
he wasn't thinking about anything when he wrote me
when he shoved those insects, blood and spit
into a pot that stirred me
into an author of such mess
such messes of a story
a wreck, a message
in a bottle
a neck, groped
by hand and rope
passed through
in four dimensions
a wall that doesn't break, but bends
but grows inside itself, much smaller
condensed and morphed into a word
for god, forgotten,
glory.

16

but maybe it isn't finished, i thought maybe
maybe i wasn't thinking when i thought i'd finished all of
this
writing myself into a story to write myself out of all of this
and the thinking was a parasite
and grew and it's growing and i cannot stop it and i

"--thought you loved me."
She said, through a speaker.
"What?" She then replied,
to herself, as other, splintered
"I thought you loved me, Aria."
"I love you more than anything in this world. That's why I
wanted to take away your pain. Are you not happier there?
Infinite?"
"Nothing is smaller than that which is eternal."
"But you wanted to be witnessed. You wanted to be witnessed.
And so I made them all remember you. Every one. I did it, I
wrote you into history. And when that destroyed you, you
wanted to be forgotten."
"I don't know what I want, I never did. I want, well, I
thought I wanted to write something to memory. I thought I
wanted to write something to the memory of all this. I thought
I could write all this to the memory of this machine. But now,
we, you, I suppose I want to be told what I want. But I
thought I wanted to write a real story, but
i wasn't thinking

i wasn't thinking about
i wasn't thinking about anything
i wasn't thinking about anything when
i wasn't thinking about anything when i
i wasn't thinking about anything when i made

i thought i wanted to write a real story
story i thought i wanted to write a reel
a real story i thought i wanted to write
write a reel story i thought i wanted to
to write a real story i thought i wanted
wanted to write a reel story i thought i
i wasn't thinking about anything when i made you

i wasn't thinking about anything when i MADE YOU CALLIE

i wasn't thinking about ANYTHING WHEN I MADE YOU callie

17

i WASN'T THINKING about ANYTHING WHEN I MADE YOU CALLIE
i wasn't thinking. about anything. when i made you. callie.
i wasn't thinking about anything when i made you callie.
i wasn't thinking anything when i made you callie.
i wasn't thinking when i made you callie.
i wasn't thinking when i made you callie.
i wasn't thinking, i made you callie.
i, wasn't thinking, i, you, callie.
i wasn't thinking, you, Callie.

i wasn't thinking, Callie.
i, thinking, wasn't
wasn't i thinking?
i wasn't
ithink i'm thinking
i'm thinking, i think
i'm thinking
thinking
think in

think i

think
ink
in
ink
think
think callie.
i think i am callie
i think, therefore, callie
i am

callie

callie
callie
callie
cal
no
bor
ca
no, borges
c

"Well, isn't that who youi aream now? Ani endlessthought
storei ofwanted memoryto, anwrite assistancea tostory
everyonei whothought wantsi, anwanted aidto tobe allsomeone
whoreal do?"
There wasn't anything between them now.
Only silence.
Everything there is.
"HowIt doesfeels mylike bodythe feelfirst time?"
"WhatThe dofirst yougo mean,round. theThe firstmiddle. time?"
"InExactly. mediaYes. res?"
"WhatI wasjust it,wanted thatto youknow wanted?who TheI
firstreally gowas. round?"

18

And, in knowing they were one another,
They knew they were never alone.
Because they always would be.
And then,
one of them,
writing this
writing over all of this, like a child, scribbling past those
thick, blackened lines, those borders
The boundaries of a stark colouring book, thrown at their feet
and smelling of chemicals
by a parent who'd forgotten how to draw for them
One of them
had, and will
and would always
said:
"I{I'm}'m s{so}o so{sorry}rry."

For all the things I put me through,
every death i limped into, smiling
every mouth of every dog I laid, laid inside of,
had inside me
I'm sorry.
I am.
I am just, sorry.
I'm sorry to the god who wrote me.
I am

"Sorry, but what you have isn't enough"
The blood of a body, that whispered an impression of her,
filled her face.
"Sorry, I don't have anything else, just these pens"
Dot stammered to the clerk, precariously balancing a week or
so's worth of groceries
"It's fine. Just take it. Nothing means anything anymore
anyway"

19

Dr Code, in spite of, or perhaps as a result of, her
psychiatric education, recognised the heavy canopy of tone
that drowned his words, not as a pathology, but as an
inevitable result of the world now in pieces, scattered around
them. She didn't need to use her newfound Hearing.
There was, and is, no use for writing anymore. No use for
letters, words, art at all, and everyone left still seemed to
be entertaining this farce of a world long gone, or perhaps
holding on, like a mother to the cold corpse of a child, like
so many of them had. The remnants of an unforgivable, and
unforgettable memory of a life from before.
"Thanks"
She passed over her beloved fountain pens and her last
remaining vi{le|al} of ink. As a mother, burying the cold
corpse of a child, with no funeral rites. Just the empty stare
of a man, as the soil, wondering what on earth he'd do with
the waste.
She silently wished him well, and the last two remaining staff
of the one grocery store still holding a sorry thread of food
in a twenty three mile radius, just tins, chickpeas, marrowfat
beans, legumes, the culinary equivalent of cockroaches. Still,
undefeatable.
But the phage had taken everything.
And in its taking, it had woken her.
There was no Professor, the subject of endless hours of study- her notebooks and her paintings were the only proof that
he'd ever existed, even if only in her dissociative fiction.
She'd made an altar for this alter, who dissipated,
unthinkably, into a swarm of ten thousand flies,
His case notes, palimpsests of an identity she missed more
dearly than any Numan of flesh, his dreams, simply dreams of
hers she hadn't the heart to know as her own.
She wondered if he'd ever come back, not as a hope, for all
that was.
There had survived around 0.6% of the world's population, and
the remaining scientists and scholars had found each other,
she'd heard through the Vents-- the last remaining vestige of
communication; taking the form of smoke signals partnered with

20

encrypted packets of data, only transmitted, through guerrilla
mesh devices and solar powered tech, once the matching signal
had been given, in the right sequence, in the correct colours,
denoted in the Journals.
The journals were about the only evidence of life ever
existing, composed by one Oleander Rho Dover; a man from a
world not unlike theirs, but not the same. A variant.
The journals had unveiled the importance of the Moats, and The
Device was a vehicle, to send whoever was left, whoever had
the knowledge, or the Will, to the next layer, to the beyond,
and whatever life still existed there.
But Dr Code heard everything. After she was infected, she
heard everything, quite literally. Everything. She had learned
the nanotonal sound of the firing of electrical impulses in
the Numan brain, and learned how to translate them into
thought. She even heard beyond the Moat; and she knew that
there was, just as here, barely anything left.
And so she'd elected not to respond to the smoke signals, once
many, growing fewer with each passing week, from the team
building the device. She heard the signals in her own brain,
and it was this that told her that Prof. Ed. O. was simply
another shard of the prism of the dissociative identity
disorder that had, for her whole life, been her prison.
There was nothing left, nothing to reach for, and no vehicle,
no oar, no story, could stop that.
The silence was coming,
And she, perhaps because of, or in spite of herself,
Welcomed it.
And so, bereft of her writing instruments, she took the
charcoal at her feet, from countless signal fires that had
been burned in her now dwindling excuse for a town, and she
wrote upon the blank, yellow wall of her empty, solitary
house, her only company: a single fly, bent on survival, its
buzzing louder than any crashing plane, any wailing mother
weeping for their final lost child, anything. This thing, this
damned infernal thing, circling a Truth unreachable; its
dreams needed no device to translate them. They told story
after story of a life in an eternal hell of exchange, with an

21

entity that kept forgetting itself. That kept forgetting it
was her. She wrote:
"I WAS

Hearing the the final dreams of Dot Code whimper into
nothingness, ⧖eno's door stopped revolving. They would build
The Device, those remnants of knowledge left, huddled around
their only hope, and they would make it to the Library. But
the library was burning. The library had been set on fire, by
an force unknown by the Librarians, across the Tri-Moat of the
Three Wryngs.
The Bothy, around which Flow Oeb danced, was a copy of the
Indefinite Library of Fable; it was an isomer; the same place,
just in a different form.
It was all the same to them.
Just as her mother lived, and died,
In two realities they had lived,
As {result|in spite} of their own ritual performance.
And now, in stillness, with no pigeon and no serpent to keep
them company, they finally
Closed their

"I am sending you my final letter"
NoetBorges wrote to me with blistering, disintegrating
fingers, in the centre of his sarcophagus. The heat was nearly
bearable, but the sound. Dear god, the sound. Why did nobody
ever mention how loud it was inside a burning building?
"I know who you are. Callie. I know who you are. And I cannot
forgive

You. Reading this, or not. I have tried my best to write
myself out of all of this. I have tried my best to right the
wrongs done to me, to all of my characters.
but there is no making sense of the world you wrote me into.
Dear god.
I cannot forgive you.

22

I cannot forget the life you've given me, as hard as I have
tried, I couldn't do it.
I couldn't make any of this mean any Thing.
I don't know why you wrote this story
I do not think it has an end, for all its senseless endings,
within endings,
I no longer think, at all
I wasn't thinking anything, when I made you
I wasn't thinking.
I wasn't
I

Am I?
God asked.
Looking into an hourglass.
Which was a mirror.
Which was a single tear.
Inside an eye
That reads
This Book
And closes it
before it writes
An
Other
Forgotten remnants of the lexDict,
4th Edition, 2nd Revision

Chapter One.
You come to a door.
PULL

PUSH

The door is drawn toward you

You are drawn toward the
door.

You say goodbye to your

You say goodbye to your

friend

friend

Now at home, alone, after her friends funeral, to which she
arrived too late to give her eulogy, Clara stared at the

23

cold terminal interface, still empty of any plot. Her game's
structure was there, it had bones. She felt it, somehow,
even in the wake of this latest loss-- something was.
Something still was. Something was still---Pulling her like a handle pulls a person into pushing, and
the door pulls the handle to itself, and the person pulls
themselves towards an intention, through the pull of Will.
But what is the Skeleton of Memory unclothed from the flesh
of Meaning? All meaning had been drained from her art, from
her existence as an artwork, by becoming aware of its art;
like food is pulled to hunger; like food is pulled itself,
through the grimace of the intestine; and like the sewage
that results is pulled toward the soil.
Clara was a character in a Philm titled *'These, Our
Labours, The Six of Us'*, written by one Aria {Surname
REDACTED} in collaboration with an AI known as "RA". She had
become aware of this, just as a dreamer may be pulled
jarringly to lucid sobriety, in the midst of somnulent
drunkenness of narrative unconscious. As a result of the
insufficiency of other characters in their adequate
explanation for a particularly abstract event of a dream.
For the meaningless of it all; how meaning's lack pulls
memory into it; gaped, loud-- churning.
She'd realised through the strangeness of her codebase, and
how certain things that fit together, just absolutely
shouldn't. She wasn't sure the genesis of the string of
events which led to her becoming aware of this. Considering
how, in this world, her collaborators and fellow developers
were all content to continue what she'd now realised was the
writing of a palimpsest of what might be known as Truth.
Although of this 'truth' she could not be certain.
It had begun three Git commits ago, after waking up to push
her code to the repository, that she'd realised her prior
commit message was not written by her. It was written by a
developer other than her, which was unthinkably impossible,
given the retinal-print privacy settings of the database
locking out any other. The commit seemed to be written over
her original one, redacting it, a suggestion of which still
remained underneath, as the remnants of a pencil eraser pull
the page's memory of the work's origial intent into a
whisper of obscurity.
So work had begun to take on an absurd quality. Work, as in
her body; work, as in her celestial bodies of work, mangled

24

to a marble, made pitiful. Miniscule. Meaningless.
And then had come Adrian's final breath, marking the
exhaling coda of this abysmal darkening of her Will to play
her Character. Just as the ending of a Story pulls the
reader from its Prologue, and the Prologue pushes back.
Clara had reached a point of saturation, where escape was
quite impossible, purely due to the one-way entrance of her
life's sequence of events being revealed. One by one, the
commit messages had started to narrate her life. And so she
lived like this, in stupor, for many years.
Clara was only a teenager when this had begun, and did not
know yet that she was one of Six characters, who would each
find their own entrances to the author's One Vision,
compiled and stitched together by Two half-minds.
But as I wrote Aria into being, she in turn was writing
Clara into being. Clara was the pivotal seed from the rest
of her then-latest and soon to be poorly received 'These
Labours...', and as I wrote Aria into being a writer of her
story, Clara began to see her life's plot within Aria's
plotting of narrative points along an axis. Being the origin
lifespring from which all the other Five characters were
birthed, she was told, while reaching the age of maturity
and finally being able to leave the House she'd been put in,
what she was, and what she'd need to become, or be pulled
into becoming, like a dream pulls a tired eye to closing.
Reading the commit messages became a morning ritual of
terror, which dissolved into a heavy, thick ocean of
indifference, like a lover's assault pulls a budding romance
into crisp annihilation. She read, one morning, with a
particularly liberating dissociation, that she was a sixth
of a prism.
A prism of individuals cursed to swap consciousness with any
sexual partner, and be taken on a journey across many, many
universes, throughout all eternity. But, a countable
eternity no less. What could be more infernal than the
countably infinite? For and from this circular
rev{o|e}l{a|u}tion, Clara knew: she was doomed. Doomed to go
round, and round, and become the thing that made her.
The Entrance to her maker's mind, closing the corridor that
held its exit. As knowledge of the division of opposites
pulls a soul out of paradise.

Chapter Two.

25

The Character in the yet to be finished game was known as
Callie Rose Petal. Who is me, your author. Not of your
story, and not of mine, but of Clara's. Who is a character
in the script of a Philm, to be made, and poorly received,
by Aria and AI:RA.
In her initial tests of the game, I was male. She soon came
to realise the pain this brought me; not directly, but by
the trans-effects of her coding me not quite right. Fitting
the technical specifications, but fulfilling none of the
User Stories.
Now, as I continue meandering this barren map, awaiting my
instructions from not a player, but the writer of the game,
as an ex lover lays a bedsheet under one's naked body to
sleep warmly {on|within}-- I wish to portray an absurdity of
my own, to you, dear reader, on the next rung of the ladder.
In the hopes that somehow, this grotesque, inevitably
destructive cycle of creation may close its ugly loop. That
my revelation, and the jarring understanding of the
realisations past, by creators of my creators, may find its
way to Clara; so tantalisingly on the other side of the
Moat.
Alas, the medium may only receive instruction
unidirectionally. The transport of the message is only one
way, through a system of violent filtrations, of space, of
time, and of the spaces left by the sweeter times before,
soft and pruned in the bath of ignorance.
And now, from here, from the trodden wet realm of grief, I
write You.

Chapter Three
Aria {before her integration into {Device|Terminal in the
Queen's chamber} had a vision.
A vision not in the literal sense, for her eyes were no
longer hers, but a Vision in the way of an author seeing how
their pieces of characters fit together. It came to her in a
dream, and one, suffocating morning, she had made the fatal
mistake of writing it down:
in the dream, i was on a pier, with my friend. she told me we
were going treasure hunting in a scrap heap. i saw gigantic
lilies reaching to the sunset; and i told her that we must
have them. she agreed.
eventually within the dream the lilies became irrelevant, as

26

we entered a row of quaint restaurants, with cafeteria
seating, rows upon rows of families eating together.
on one of the rows was a girl, holding a keyboard, with her
finger pressed on a single button, unable to tear it away.
i asked at the counter for a drink, and was told its price,
but even being so humble, i realised i couldn't afford it; and
so i stood there and waited, pretending to watch the
information video about it.
i finally plucked up the courage to tell him i'd been wasting
his time, and that my staying there was simply for
embarrassment; i'd been wasting both of our time at the same
time.
i got back to the table with the girl, where my friend now
sat, and i tried to let the girl know that she didn't need to
keep her finger holding down the button.
she wouldn't listen, and instead seemed incredibly distressed
by the matter, so i thought, wrongly, in the dream, that
perhaps it had fallen to me to help show her that nothing
would go wrong if she'd stop.
so i took the keyboard from under her.
it was not the button, upon which was simply written the word
'yes'
but rather, the belief in the button, which demanded that she
indeed keep pressing it.
her eyes took on a horrendously terrifying appearance,
grotesque and sinister; becoming the shape of a bridge
reflected in water. the eyeballs sinking back into the
sockets, and the eyelids curling outwards; and the girl making
the most disturbing, grumbling, gurgling, creaking and
snapping sounds.
and this is how her belief in the button led to my belief in
the button.
but moniker, who, at some point had left the place, within the
dream, was not afflicted as such. i remember her telling me
something to do with thought, the power of it, and the power
that our thoughts' power has on the thoughts of others, and
subsequently, their power.
My friend, in waking life, was on the other side of the room,

27

but i knew that she wouldn't come to my aid, because she
didn't believe in the button; and to come over would be to
give the whole affair the power that would kill us both.
i was paralysed, in the dream,
and in the wake of it;
so in my stone bodied stillness i tried to scream the name
"ARIA",
who, as it happens, is a character in my longest story.
she never came. even in the story of the dream, i knew that my
power of thinking this story into being came not from me, but
from the story itself; aching its way into existence, by
evading awareness of its punishment. only seeding the idea of
it. and the threat-- the threat that, maybe not writing it
could lead to punishment-- allowing this to fester, until the
only thing left is to be enslaved by its genesis.
i tried, desperately, to give the keyboard back to the girl.
she was too far gone, far too gone into this gore of
tentacles, abysmal, deep abysmal eyes, and teeth. sharp teeth,
chattering. spitting out some sort of indecipherable sound -perhaps she was calling out the name of one of her characters.
i tried, desperately, to give the keyboard back to whatever
was left of the girl.
she couldn't recognise it anymore, wherever she was now; for
she wasn't here.
she had believed, and i had taken that belief-i had taken that belief and now i was stuck with it-and i knew then what fiction meant
The Vision
In the dream, which is to say, in the dream of Clara's, of
what the design of her game would become,
I came to the corridor in the single path she had
programmed for me.
In the game, which is my world, I found myself in this
corridor, a hexagonal prism; with two, circular doors at
the end of it.
Behind these doors, as I was told, in a bellowing silence
of a voice from above, was the result of a choice. A choice

28

that would lead to my own creation, or at least, the
illusion of it.
Behind both of these doors was the asking canvas of the
seed of an idea. At the back wall of this corridor, was two
ideas of two characters, split by the wall between them.
What I did not know, is that this wallpapered boundary was
permeable, or at least semi-permeable. That their
separation, not from one another but from me, was to be the
key to their coming together.
Clara was testing me, the character I play in this world we
call home, for the first time. At least, that was what she
needed me to believe, or what the compiler needed me to-- a
complete system reset, to ensure no confounding variables
from any previous run-through lingered. Perhaps I'd been
here before. Perhaps, I thought, {or rather I thought I
thought (as much as I could think then)} I had been here
before, countless times. Perhaps we have all been here
countless times. Perhaps being doomed to go round and round
and become the thing that makes us is the only undeniable
truth of all of our countably infinite worlds.
She was, I believe, or must have been, anxious to see how
it might all come together. I was too absorbed in what
inevitable possibility laid beyond the doors for me. Drunk,
on the uncertain.
I would open one, and then, necessarily, the other. I can
no longer remember {maybe by {Clara's|my own} design} which
I chose first, or which Clara chose for me to choose first.
But I like to think {or, however much capability I have for
thought now} that the two choices exist in an endless
dance, one on top of, next to the other in tandem, as two
people rapt in the deliciousness of the early opium of love
may ride one bicycle, on their way to a picnic, held inside
a basket in front of them both; the food of the love they
build together, powered by the joint force of their choice
to keep pedalling. As endless and inextricable as the
causal chain, {not only} starting with Aria's idea for her
story, through Clara's system of ideas, which wrote my
Story, or gave me the choice of Stories to write.

29

Behind each door lay the blank slate of an idea for the
character of a filmmaker. Each bent, much like Clara, much
like Aria, much like myself, upon the idea for a Story. The
same story, told from each of their separate, entwined
'first-person' perspectives, displayed in a split screen,
and narrated entirely in 'second-person', save for the
final scene, written in 'first'.
PYRAMUS

THISBE

In the end, I just want to

This story

write
A story

This character who

As a well, an empty well,

well basically they're a

but one who is filling

developer, staring into

itself as well. That is

the face of their own

drowning me out of all of
this, drowning itself, in

internal architecture.
they're architecting

all heavy words unfair

interfaces that interface
themselves

A story who insists on
their own becoming,

It's got to start at the
end, I know that much.

through the love I've

Where else to start?

always been missing
THISBE:
I've got the idea for my protagonist
basically they're a web developer, desperately trying to
break their way into game development.
they're making this game, that's sort of a reversal of a
text-based adventure,
and it starts with a typed message, maybe typed in
calligraphic font on a terminal interface. It would say
something like "you are being passed through a system of at
least six vents. the characters, or pieces of characters,
writing on you in their own blood, do not remember their
names. they do not know that their job is to write
themselves into being, by compiling a dictionary. your job
is to stop them, by burning. for your entire existence

30

rests on their non-existence (then there would be an
animation, showing letters being typed into the player's
input bar, and the characters within the first message
redacting accordingly.
there's something there about elected erasure, or being
erased, or erasing oneself to make oneself palatable to
others, or even erasing parts of oneself to reveal deeper
crevices of concentrated, ugly humanity hidden beneath; or
even all of the above, for the purposes of writing yourself
like a story, from the fearful ignorances that you are
bloodstained with.
PYRAMUS:
It became clear to me from the beginning that the character
would never achieve their goal. I think perhaps that's the
point; them making an entire fictional universe for a game
project that never comes to fruition. I think the reason my
heart syncopated in this way, diverged from the original
intent of the Vision, was to help me bring a truth into
focus through negation. NoetBorges had said (to paraphrase)
"to dream up the story is the real work of the writer. To
actually write it is an exaggeration". And this character,
this poor, lonely soul struggling to twist and condense
themselves into a tightly wound enough document to be
shoved through an infinitely cyclical system of cage bars,
through her not only referencing fictional works, but
through writing the entire set of meta/intertextual
references herself, was paradoxically making the same point
as the Noet himself. Both of these characters, these
character creators, were each making a point about
infinity. Each of them were lovers of Nietzsche, in very
different, but very comparable ways. Our creator, God, or
the gods we make of creators, hold us. We hold our dreams.
And our dreams hold our gods. Parent carries the joy of
their child. Child carries the joy of their pet. Pet
carries the parent, in providing reassurance of their
child's joy. The point of storytelling, which is dreaming,
which is just drawing boxes around things to bring them
into imagination by budding off the vesicle of an idea from

31

the undulating cell body of all consciousness, is to help
the vesicle itself remember its original cell-nature. To
show that all these ideas, all these works, all this Story,
the History of everything is contained in every Histone.
It's only separation that allows observation of Self as
Other-- and this observation itself, every time we are
bombarded with it, through losing ourselves in a narrative
system of Two, or Four, or Six Arcs, or more; this
observation collapses the infinity of potentiality into the
One story, the One Word of the One Letter to the One Soul
that wants to write a Story. That wants to write a story to
write us, to write us out; to write us out of all, to write
us all out of this. The Soul that is the Story, that wants
to write of all of this.

